hi I'm the brow diva and i'm here to
show you how to use my eyebrow products
but first let me tell you the reason why
i created an eyebrow product line i feel
that every woman needs an eyebrow
product to achieve that flawless
moviestar look even if your browser
thick and well-groomed just a little
touch for my eyebrow products will
create that perfect symmetrical look and
now i'm going to show you how to use my
eyebrow products i'm going to start with
the brow base first the brow base is
used to fill in sparse areas so this is
where my sparse one of my sparse areas
is using short feather strokes apply a
little bit of the brow base blend it up
feather it in it should not look like
we've applied a brow product now to get
my brows to look perfectly symmetrical
in my sparse areas especially I'm going
to put the brow powder over the brow
base the brow powder will build the
brows so that it looks like there's more
hair I was especially sparse right on
the bottom part of my eyebrow just like
so I like to apply the powder throughout
the whole bro now I'm going to show you
how to use the brow mascara I use the
brow mascara because I like to cover a
few Gray's it's simple and easy to use
just like mascara for your eyelashes is
rush on throughout the entire eyebrow
now to show off your perfectly
symmetrical movie star browse I'm going
to show you how to use the ultimate
highlighter the ultimate highlighter is
creamy it's matt and it's translucent by
a small amount of product to your finger
dab it right underneath the brow from
about three quarters of the way out take
another finger and blend it now you know
how to use my products all you have to
do is find out what color is going to be
best for you so go on to the product
page click how do I choose my color tab
there you're going to see beautiful
pictures of my models you'll see the
before-and-afters of all the brow
products now you're going to have
beautiful flawless perfectly symmetrical
movistar eyebrows